Add the "Known issues" field to the README (#86)
lab-cosmo/pet-mad: README.md

**If you are fine-tuning our models, please also see the [metatrain FAQs](https://docs.metatensor.org/metatrain/latest/faq.html)**

## Known Issues

**Simulation blows up with lammps-metatomic 2025.9.10.mta2**

> While running upet models with a mentioned version we observe that the simulation blows up. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
While running upet models with the version above, we observe that simulations blow up. 
```
